bot : Hi There! I am a banking chatbot. You can begin conversation by typing in a message and pressing enter.
user : harshaan
bot : - Welcome to the Banking portal. [Ask me how I can help you]
user : help me out
bot : - I clarify doubts regarding banking
user : Net Banking?
bot : - What queries do you have regarding Netbanking?
user : What is net banking?
bot : - Facility offered by the bank that allows customers to use banking services over the internet. Customers need not visit their bank’s branch office to avail each and every small service.
user : How do i register for netbanking ?
bot : - Please download and fill up the netbanking requisition form and submit it to your home branch.
user : what are the features of netbanking?
bot : - Check the account statement online,Open a fixed deposit account,Pay utility bills such as water bill and electricity bill,Make merchant payments,Transfer funds,Order for a cheque book,Buy general insurance and Recharge prepaid mobile/DTH.
user : error netbanking
bot : - Please contact our customer care executive or approach the closest branch
user : Mobile banking
bot : - What queries do you have regarding mobile banking.
user : What is mobile banking ?
bot : - Mobile banking is a service provided by our bank that allows our customers to conduct financial transactions remotely using a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet. Unlike the related internet banking it uses software, usually called an app, provided by the the bank for the purpose.
user : How do i register for mobile banking ?
bot : - Please download and fill up the mobile banking requisition form and submit it to your home branch.
user : what are the features of mobile banking ?
bot : - 24-hour access to account balances, account history, and transactions,Secure mobile check deposit, using the smartphone camera,Bill payments,Loan payments,Money transfers,Security and fraud alerts and Travel services.
user : error mobile banking
bot : - Please contact our customer care executive or approach the closest branch
user : thanks
bot : - always welcome
